# Step 2 - Configure pipeline
After you create a project, you need to configure the data pipeline for it. A data pipeline is a set of integrated modules that collect and process the clickstream data sent from your applications. A data pipeline contains four modules, namely data ingestion, data processing, data modeling and reporting. For more information, see [pipeline management](../pipeline-mgmt/index.md).

Here we provide an example with steps to create a data pipeline with end-to-end serverless infrastructure.

## Steps

1. Log into **Clickstream Analytics on AWS Console**.
2. In the left navigation pane, choose **Projects**, then select the project you just created in **Step 1**, choose **View Details** in the top right corner to navigate to the project homepage.
3. Choose **Configure pipeline**, and it will bring you to the wizard of creating data pipeline for your project.
4. On the **Basic information** page, fill in the form as follows:
    * AWS Region: **`us-east-1`**
    * VPC: select a VPC that meets the following requirements
        - At least two public subnets across two different AZs (Availability Zone)
        - At least two private subnets across two different AZs
        - One NAT Gateway or Instance
    * Data collection SDK: **`Clickstream SDK`**
    * Data location: select an S3 bucket. (You can create one bucket, and select it after clicking the Refresh button.)

    !!! tip "Tip"

        If you don't have a VPC meet the criteria, you can create a VPC by using VPC creation wizard quickly. For more information, see [Create a VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/create-vpc.html).

5. Choose **Next**.
6. On the **Configure ingestion** page, fill in the information as follows:
    1. Fill in the form of **Ingestion endpoint settings**.
        * Public Subnets: Select two public subnets in two different AZs
        * Private Subnets: Select two private subnets in the same AZs as public subnets
        * Ingestion capacity: Keep the default values
        * Enable HTTPS: Uncheck and then **Acknowledge** the security warning
        * Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS): leave it blank
        * Additional settings: Keep the default values
    2. Fill in the form of **Data sink settings**.
        * Sink type: **`Amazon Kinesis Data Stream(KDS)`**
        * Provision mode: **`On-demand`**
        * In **Additional Settings**, change **Sink Maximum Interval** to `60` and **Batch Size** to `1000`  
    * Click **Next** to move to step 3.

    !!! warning "Important"

        Using HTTP is not a recommended configuration for production workload. This example configuration is to help you get started quicker.

7. On the **Configure data processing** information, fill in the information as follows:
    * In the form of **Enable data processing**, toggle on the **Enable data processing**
    * In the form of **Execution parameters**,
        * Data processing interval:
            * Select **`Fixed Rate`**
            * Enter **`10`**
            * Select **`Minutes`**
        * Event freshness: **`35`** **`Days`**
    * In the form of **Enrichment plugins**, make sure the two plugins of **IP lookup** and **UA parser** are selected.
    * In the form of **Analytics engine**, fill in the form as follow:
         * Check the box for **Redshift**
         * Select the **Redshift Serverless**
         * Keep **Base RPU** as **8**
         * VPC: select the default VPC or the same one you selected previously in the last step
         * Security group: select the `default` security group
         * Subnet: select **three** subnets across three different AZs
         * Keep **Athena** selection as default
    * Choose **Next**.

8. On the **Reporting** page, fill in the form as follows:
     * If your AWS account has not subscribed to QuickSight, please follow this [guide][quickSight-subscription] to subscribe.
     * After your AWS account subscribed to QuickSight Enterprise edition, choose one of QuickSight users for the solution to use to create out-of-the-box dashboards.
     * Choose **Next**.

9. On the **Review and launch** page, review your pipeline configuration details. If everything is configured properly, choose **Create**.


We have completed all the steps of configuring a pipeline for your project. This pipeline will take about 20 minutes to create, and please wait for the pipeline status change to be **Active** in pipeline detail page.

## Next

* [Integrate SDK](./3.integrate-sdk.md)

[quickSight-subscription]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quicksight/latest/user/signing-up.html
[create-a-VPC]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/create-vpc.html