# Analytics Studio
Analytics Studio is a unified web interface for business analysts or data analysts to view and create dashboard, query and explore clickstream data, and manage metadata. Below are the modules included in the Analytics Studio.

## Modules 

- [Dashboard](./dashboard/index.md). View out-of-the-box dashboard and custom dashboards.
- [Explore](./explore/index.md). Advance analytics models for user to query clickstream data beyond the out-of-the-box dashboard.
- [Analyses](./analyzes/index.md). Author interface for creating and modifying dashboard, as well as managing datasets.
- [Data management](./data-mgmt/index.md). View and manage the metadata for clickstream data.  


## Glossary
Below are the terms and concepts are used in Analytics Studios, it would be helpful for you to get familiar with those terms when using the Analytics Studio.

- **Event**. Event refers to the clickstream data generated by a user action within an app or website (such as clicking, visiting a page, etc.). 
- **Preset event**. Events that are automatically collected by clickstream SDK, usually with a name start with an underscore '_';
- **Custom event**. Events that are defined and collected by app owner, and the collection timing and business purpose of the event varies by apps.
- **Event parameter**. 'Event parameter' are used to describe the various dimensions of information at the time the event occurred. Event parameters are divided into two categories: public parameter, namely the parameters that all events include, such as user information (user_id), device information (app version, device model, etc.); private parameter, namely parameters that are unique to certain events, such as user-customized parameters.
- **Public parameter**. The parameters that all events include, such as user information (user_id), device information (app version, device model, etc.)
- **Private parameter**. The parameters that are unique to certain events, such as user-customized parameters.
- **User attribute**. User attribute is used to record the property for a users. User attributes are divided into two categories: preset attributes, that is, attributes collected by SDK presets, such as '_first_visit_date'; custom attributes, that is, user attributes reported by the user themselves, such as 'email_address'.